the first presentation will be hold by a
Yahtzee from animal car brands so our
animal car brands is publicly listed the
game company rated as one of the top 50
game companies in the world that is
heavily investing in blocking games and
NF T's with brand license from Formula
One Thomas and Friends tour among
astroboy and more and yes you is
chairman and co-founder of animal car
brands and has been an entrepreneur for
over three decades in gaming his first
job was at Atari and he he was named a
global leader of tomorrow and young
global leader by the World Economic
Forum and is a member of the Advisory
Board of BAFTA and a British Academy of
Film and Television Arts
please welcome yes you alright thank you
it's a great honor and pleasure to be
here so I'm gonna talk to you about the
awesome power of NF TS and how it's
gonna save the games industry all right
so as mentioned my name is yatsu I'm the
chairman and co-founder of a local
brands this will be super fast you don't
have to know the details of this but
essentially we are a traditional word
traditional MOBAs game company that
decided to go all-in on blockchain last
year we did 17 different blockchain
investments and one of them later on
will present itself here which is the
sandbox which were very proud of some of
the projects are you know we made an
investment in lucid site which is
basically you know the MOV crypto
baseball and also sort of the crypto
space commander project we also recently
did an acquisition where we bought
basically striking which is fantasy
sports with non fungible tokens and sort
of fantasy sports on the blockchain and
most recently we also announced actually
we did an auction fortress now but we
launched a deal with Formula One or we
have the exclusive rights to do a
blockchain game based on a Formula One
and of course sandbox but I'll let Seb
discuss sandbox afterwards all right
enough advertising all right
so now let me talk about sort of our
industry and why do we as a traditional
games company feel that it is really
important to be looking at blockchain
as you can see this is one of the
forecasts depends when you talk to our
industry you will become 130 some people
say 150 billion dollar industry and that
looks pretty good right obviously it
looks like the numbers are growing up
but in the traditional games business we
have one problem it's the fact that it's
6.2 percent which is really bad news
right it means that we are in an
industry in a traditional game space
that is mature and I think you can see
this today already whether you look at
the growth of most game companies
broadly around the world it is growing
but it is growing slowly right when the
emergence of the rapid pace of growth
came it came from a new source and that
was mobile at the time but now everyone
has a mobile phone so the growth is
essentially stuck and one of the reasons
why this growth is stuck is not because
it says less 2 billion gamers out there
so it's not an issue of audience is
because conversion from freemium which
is the business model that overtook the
industry originally was paid games and
it became freemium games is around 1.5
percent in some cases - and if it's
really good 3 percent conversion and you
can see that when you analyze the
financial reports of all of the major
listed companies that do basic in mobile
games they talk about you know there are
P Dow and their conversion rates so why
is it that when someone plays a game 99
or 98 percent actually don't spend any
money most people actually play for free
and only a small number convert so there
are many reasons but one of the reasons
I want to surmise particularly in the
games that have economies is the fact
that an example here's lineage which of
course everyone in Korea knows really
well is a legendary game one of the very
first super successful MMOs and since
1998 seven or eight years ago had
already raked in close to 2 billion
dollars which back then was a very large
number in gaming because the audience
wasn't that big but despite all of its
success in the same year
they shut down their US server now how
does a product that make two billion
dollars globally but then they shut it
down in the US now that's one example so
when you think that example in the same
time ncsoft
I'm not I'm not by the way I'm not
picking on NCsoft just shut down City of
Heroes as well shortly after and you can
see people were protesting you know
there was a big change that or campaign
that says save our City of Heroes for
those of you who remember it went viral
on Facebook and on Twitter because they
were really trying to stop it and City
of Heroes was maybe not billions of
dollars but was still a tens of millions
of dollars revenue project so what
happens when you shut that down so one
of the challenges is in the gaming
industry today we actually only play for
fun and entertainment we don't own
anything right so it's a bit like when
you go to a clothes store and you buy
some clothes and if the clothes company
shuts down your clothes disappear that's
exactly what happens in the game world
you don't get billions of dollars of
revenue for people spending $1 people
have spent as you may know especially in
Korea tens of thousands of dollars on
their games what happens to the
psychology of a player when you spend
tens of thousands of dollars and then
it's all gone even though you play for
entertainment and you realize that it's
not supposed to be an investment you
still lost money so for those of you who
have maybe made an investment anywhere
around the world after you lose money
are you that interested in investing
again you'll be more careful but what
happens if that can be changed and what
happens if actually when I play a game I
don't actually really end up losing
anything even if the game itself goes
but could we change the way in which we
look at our buying and spending behavior
so right now games is a is something
where we have lost our trust nobody
expects a game to last forever so if it
doesn't last forever
why should I invest in it in a serious
amount why should i convert more this is
where we think non functional tokens in
the
space will save the day so first how do
we get into this space well I think
who here has not heard of Krypto kitties
ok great so I don't have to go to too
much detail since we are after all in a
blockchain event so but broadly speaking
right what crypto kitties did is
introduced the concept of essentially
true digital scarcity and the fact that
people were prepared to spend thousands
of dollars on a digital item that at
that time didn't actually have much
utility other than breeding cats but
that had very unique and scarce features
around them but what became interesting
is that people started spending
thousands of dollars and also started
making money on them as they were
breeding selling and trading these cats
right and it brought the etherium
Network on its knees right that's the
background here and of course that was
made possible because of non fungible
tokens this concept which is essentially
using the same technology with
blockchain that allows fungibility and
trade of a Bitcoin verifying the
scarcity in the uniqueness of every item
but at scale and it means that no matter
you issue a million or one or five items
you can now certify them as unique as
opposed to something that is the same
and you can do that at scale that's
generally mostly what you need to
understand it's important to note that
and if T's themselves are not
cryptocurrencies but they could become
an asset in the past when you look at
scarcity you can have an art item
something like a Picasso but in order
for you to prove that this Picasso has
value you need a certificate you need to
go somewhere to show that yes this
Picasso is worth 1 million or two
million or three million dollars but now
with lock chain this happens
automatically
right and with that you can also embed
permanent value into these items it
doesn't just have to be a skin or look
right or separately when you look at the
crypto kitties you had people pay over a
hundred thousand dollars at the time for
these spare sort of rare digital cats in
the collectible space but the
collectible space in itself is not crazy
to think that people spend that
money even for those of you who collect
stamps or for those of you who collect
baseball cards they go up to the
millions of dollars themselves so now
you can do that
on the blockchain with digital scarcity
that when done fungible tokens and most
recently just last week we sold our own
Formula One car at auction for over a
hundred thousand US dollars in what was
arguably in some cases considered
controversial we won't have to go into
the details however the point being that
someone actually spent a lot of money on
those virtual items and perhaps the most
important thing to note is that outside
of the features and the items of it one
thing is certain this is the very first
and can only be the very first Formula
One car on the blockchain because at
minimum the time stamp ensures that it
can it is the very first one that can
never be another first one right and
that scarcity in itself has value
whether it's worth ten thousand dollars
one hundred thousand dollars
that depends pretty much in the eye of
the beholder now digital items in
collecting for gamers themselves is not
something that is entirely new right so
obviously in the crypto world people
spend a lot of money on these cards
whether it's a garden chain card or
crypto kiddy cards but here is an
example of an item that was basically a
skin for Counter Strike right and the
dragonlore skin was sold for 61 thousand
US dollars it's not even a non fungible
token but it can be used inside the game
and you can show off the skin that you
have while you basically kill your
enemies now what made it special is
because it was signed and autographed by
a famous eSports champion which is
basically skadoodle and this is
important to note because even when you
look at items they may have exactly the
same utility like a cup that I drink
from has exactly the same utility as any
other Cup but if I sell it to you might
be only worth five or ten dollars but if
Michael Jackson owned that Cup is it
worth more it probably is worth more buy
a lot right even though the cup and the
utility is exactly this
so when you start thinking about things
like eSports suddenly the items that
have won a victory or the items that
have gotten you to level 50 or beat a
boss or whatever that may be
that provenance is embedded every time
the item is used so an item has value as
a result not just because of its
function but also its provenance its
history its past it's the reason we pay
for artwork we buy their stories we
don't just buy their function so that's
one problem with solving we think with
blockchain the second one is one around
discovery and something that plagues
game developers around the world for
those of you who are game developers you
might know the story but back in 96
Bill Gates appendices essay basically
saying content is king and he penned
that essay because back in 96 the
internet was just emerging it was just
in the early days and he realized that
because of the internet we would all
have incredible access to free and
steady information and that meant in a
in a world where access was freely
available the only thing that could win
was supposed to be content and everyone
could be a creator that was the promise
and it would be exciting but the problem
is that even though content itself
became abundant actually it was worth
nothing without distribution so jonathan
parolin who was basically a distribution
guy came up with a counter quote and
said yes content is king but
distribution is Queen and she wears the
pants in other words without the Queen
you're dead which probably in some of
our relationships were the wives might
be true too but anyway so point is that
if you don't actually have any way in
which your content can be found then is
your content still worth something and
today when you take a look at this
can there be a Mario without Nintendo
can there be a game of Thrones without
HBO right who owns it what's more
important and unfortunately today
especially when you look at content
outside of games like music the
distributor
owns everything which is why the value
of content has become lower but that's
something that we think blockchain can
fix however for now most of us are using
copies but music is copied digital items
is copied there is no value in the items
themselves so therefore you go to a
place to experience your content where
we think blockchain will change
everything is to do basically an add
value of course blocked in generally as
a concept adds value to everything right
it's the internet of value but more
importantly it will add value to the
content space broadly and especially
with games because now if imagine all
those people who used to play lineage
and lineage shut down all those items if
they were non fungible tokens if they
were on the blockchain you still own the
items so you might ask well I have these
items from lineage that's great but why
would I do anything with them if the
game is dead the difference is because
they're non fungible tokens someone else
can make a game to take advantage of it
so I'll give you an example I like this
example because I play tennis but I
don't know how many of you play tennis
here but let's say all of you bought a
tennis racket for some reason because
some famous k-pop star said I love
tennis and you'll buy a tennis racket ok
and you would have five million tennis
racquets new 5 million owners of tennis
racquets but there are no tennis courts
how many people would open a tennis
court probably a lot because they see a
business opportunity because all these
people have tennis rackets so I'm gonna
open some tennis courts is that ten is
it hundred is a thousand
supply-and-demand
I don't know but that's exactly what's
gonna happen here all the people who
lost their game whether it's City of
Heroes or whether it's lineage or
whether there's world of warcraft in the
future or whether there's Altima online
all of those are communities that have
items or could have had items of value
whether it's a fan driven community or
someone else they will build content for
them and those items will grow in value
and so what happens is of course is that
not only do these items become
interoperable and permanent the buyer
also has
trust because he knows that even though
the game might not be forever the item
is forever and that's important the
example I gave you before was when the
game was dead you lost everything why
would I ever pay a lot of money for
another game but now I have it forever
and we think this is going to change the
buying behavior so that means we think a
future where content is valuable is
going to be such that the content is the
platform that means that in the future
companies will make games based on what
you own not necessarily where you go
today you go to a place to find your
entertainment you go to the App Store
you go to Google Play right or you go to
HBO but if I know that you have lineage
items then I can target you with a world
meant for you right and that's how
communities build value and instead of
the game itself being the ecosystem of
value it should be the items because the
items themselves become more valuable as
more games make use of them and by
themselves the difference here of course
is that in the real world a physical
item loses value maybe because it
depreciates because it just gets used
but in a digital world that can't happen
so it's permanent right so that's kind
of where we think the future will go and
in a way we've seen this before right
minecraft is such an example except it's
not on the blockchain which means the
items aren't transferable but you've
seen a world in which is quasi
decentralized where people can set up
their own servers set up their own mods
and it's kind of owned by a community
instead now to conclude how do I think
this is going to save the games industry
for growth seventy billion dollars last
year was generated in freemium mobile
games so whether it's clash Royale
whether it's you know you know
you know sort of sort of any other
freemium game that 70 billion dollars
came from a conversion that is less than
three or two or one percent because as I
said earlier very few people spend
actually freemium money which means that
if there is simply a one percent
additional conversion that's twenty five
billion dollars of increased market
we're not talking about converting ten
percent we're talking about converting
one percent that's twenty five billion
dollars globally now I imagine if you
knew if you knew that the items you're
spending could maybe have value that
there was scarcity in the model that I
could sell and trade these items at
least I don't lose my money maybe or at
least I can pass them on will I more
likely spend will I have more certainty
to know that these items are not lost
right that's that's what this is about
and we think that true ownership is
going to increase the conversion rate
not by one percent or two percent but by
ten or twenty percent as it should
because now the trust will be there the
blockchain gives it the trust that the
items are permanent through the non
fungible tokens which means that this
could become the growth of an industry
that will not grow six or eight percent
as forecasted but we could grow ten
times to maybe a trillion dollar
industry because now we would trade and
own virtual items in the way that we do
physical items thank you very much
[Applause]
